 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Loraine Sim Jing Xian 
 
Personal Particulars 
 
Contact: 93850310                                   
Email Address: rainee_sim@yahoo.com.sg 
Nationality: Singaporean 
 
Summary 
 
Self-motivated and result oriented indiv idual with more than 11 years of  experience in fund serv ices, 7 years in 
managerial capacity. 
 
Subject matter expert  role  for products under  fund  serv ices which  include  fund accounting,  fund performance 
measurement,  MAS  regulatory  reporting  (Risk  based  capital  reporting  and  MAS  122)  and  fund  compliance 
monitoring. 
 
Detail-oriented,  able  to  identify  and  implement  process  improvements  that  increase  accuracy,  efficiency  and 
consistency   
 
Client-focused, exceed client expectations and build relationships that gain trust and respect. 
 
Energetic  team  leader, able  to communicate effectively with people of different level, to work collaboratively  to 
resolve problems, and to motivate team members to achieve personal and organizational objectives. 
 
Strong project management skills with experience in managing projects through their project life cycle.  
 
Professional experience 
 
Sep 2016 to Present 
 
Fund services manager – Regulatory reporting (Risk Based capital and MAS122) & fund compliance monitoring 
Standard Chartered Singapore 

  Oversee  the  regulatory  reporting  function  for  RBC  and  MAS122  reporting  of  investment  funds  under 
insurance clients.  
  Client implementation and gap analysis. Rev iew of  requirements and work with the IT on development and 
design.Collaboration  with  operation  teams  to manage data  presentation  and  rev iew  sessions  to  ensure  it 
meets the requirement. 
  Preparing  fund  compliance  checklists/ matrix  in  accordance  to  investment  guidelines  and  restrictions  for 
new and incremental investment funds. 
  Monitoring  of  investment  restrictions  of  mandates  and  regulations.  Rev iew  and  ensure  breaches  are 
properly investigated, monitored and reported timely to client by the team. 
  Rev iew of monthly regulatory and fund compliance reporting from team . 
  Preparing  regulatory  reporting  training  materials  and  presentation  information  for  forums  and  steering 
committee   
  Ensure  completion of  client documentations,  internal process &  checklists  for  regulatory  reporting  clients. 
Plan  the  BCP  (Business  continuity  plan)  for  reporting  function.  Periodic  rev iew  of   process  efficiency  and 
automation.  
 
Project work and achievements 
 

  Start up the regulatory reporting team  for fund serv ices  
  Project  lead  on  new  reports  development  and  enhancement  for  regulatory  reporting  and  fund 
compliance monitoring. 
  Co-manage the transition of  fund compliance monitoring function to fund serv ices team 
 

 
 
 

 
Sep 2014 to Sep 2016 
Fund services manager – Performance measurement & fund accounting 
Standard Chartered Singapore 
 
  Perform  new  client  implementation  data  gap  analysis  and  rev iew  of   RFP  reporting  requirements  for 
performance measurement 
  Migration of  historical performance returns and preparation of  sample reporting templates for performance 
return and factsheet 
  Rev iew of monthly performance reports and investor fund factsheets.  
  Ensure  completion  of  client  documentations,  internal  process  &  checklists  for  performance measurement 
clients. Plan the BCP (Business continuity plan) for performance measurement function. Rev iew of  process 
efficiency and automation.  
  Oversee  implementation of  accounting and performance measurement new  funds and  clients,  finalisation 
of   operating  memorandum  and  client’s  reporting  requirements.  Work  closely  with  fund  managers, 
technology,  clients,  product  and  account manager  to  ensure  all  activ ities  progress  are  adhere  to  timeline 
and any issues identified are promptly resolved 
  Participate  in periodic client  serv ice  rev iews and UAT cycles  rev iew, working closely with  clients/ account 
manager on resolv ing any issues highlighted 
  Prov ide training on fund accounting and performance measurement to the fund serv ices team  
  Lead  a  team  of   4 Fund  Accountants  and  responsible  for  team  work  allocation,  identify  indiv idual  training 
needs for career progression and indiv idual performance appraisal. 
  Major clients for the team include insurance and hedge funds with billions of  asset under management. 
 
Project work and achievements 
 

Citibank Singapore 

  Start-up of the performance measurement team for fund serv ices  
  Project lead on enhancement of in-house data interface from fund accounting to performance system.   
 
 
Jul 2012 to Mar 2014 
 
Senior Performance Measurement Analyst                                                  
 
  Perform new client  implementation data gap analysis and discussion on reporting requirements. Translate 
business  requirements  into  functional  requirements  by  liaising  with  accounting  teams,  vendor  and 
technology teams on solutions to new requirements   
  Liaise  with  existing  clients  on  new/  change  requests.  Conduct  feasibility  analysis  and  testing  on  new 
requirements 
  Rev iew  of   daily  and  monthly  performance  reports  for  fund  level  returns  and  attribution  report.  Perform 
investigation on rev iews below reasonableness level 
  Preparation of monthly and quarterly performance and risk reporting for clients. 
  Ensure completion of client documentations and internal process & checklists for new clients. 
  Participate  in  periodic  client  serv ice  rev iews  and  work  closely  with  clients/  account manager  on  resolv ing 
any issues highlighted 
  Oversee testing on enhancement of  data flow from fund accounting to performance system.     
  Prov ide  training  sessions  to  APAC  fund  accounting  teams  on  core  fund  accounting  system  (Multifonds) 
setup  for  flow  into  core  performance  system  (Statpro)  and  treatment  of  transactions  for  new  client 
onboarding  
  Major clients  for the  team  include Asia Pac insurance  clients as well as  statutory board  funds with billions 
of asset under management 
 
Project work and achievements 
 

  Lead  the  business  requirement  development  (BRDs)  project  for  enhancement  of  data  flow  from  core 
fund accounting to fund performance system   

  

 
 
 
 

 
                                                                                      Citibank Singapore 

Oct 2005 to Jul 2012 
Fund Accounting Manager 
 
  Manage  new  clients  by  responding  to  RFPs  (Request  for Proposal),  perform  gap  analysis,  if  any  for  new 
client and draft business requirements development document to develop for gap closure. 
  Oversee  implementation  of  new  funds  and  clients,  finalisation  of  operating  memorandum  and  client’s 
reporting  requirements.  Work  closely  with  fund  managers,  technology,  clients,  product  and  account 
manager to ensure all activ ities (i.e. setup, migration of  funds, parallel generation of  net asset value reports, 
developments,  required  data)  progress  are  adhere  to  timeline  and  any  issues  identified  are  promptly 
resolved 
  Rev iew the net asset value reports as well as performing f inal analytical and reasonableness check.  
  Keep  abreast  of   industry  developments  that  may  impact  client’s  needs.  Assist  and  adv ice  client  in 
restructuring their fund’s accounting policy to conform to various accounting standard.  
  Meet and liaise with client on ad hoc projects and perform regular serv ice rev iews.  
  Perform regular root cause analysis on accounting, client and system issues to ensure operational efficiency 
and liaising with all internal and external parties to ensure issue resolution 
  Engage in various projects including upgrading of accounting system, automation of reports. Led efficiency 
initiatives within the team v ia use of  loaders and consol idation of  tasks which at the same time maintaining 
controls. 
  Lead the preparation and rev iew of financial statements  
  As  Line  Manager,  led  a  team  of  8  Fund  Accountants  and  responsible  for  team  work  allocation,  identify 
indiv idual training needs for career progression and indiv idual performance appraisal. 
  Major clients  for the  team  include Asia Pac insurance  clients as well as  statutory board  funds with billions 
of asset under management. 
 
Project work and achievements 
 

  Project lead for the change in fixed income securities classification in the accounting system as well as 
changing  the  chart  of  accounts  used  by  the  region.  Project  management  involves  co-ordination  of 
several departments over six countries with over 100 end-users and changes involve hundreds of funds 
with  AUM  over  billions.  Prov ide  >20  training  sessions  for  six  countries  end  users  during  the  pre - 
execution stage. 
  Lead the business requirement development (BRDs) for client custom ised reports and enhancement to 
existing process: 
- 
Impairment drilldown reports for securities 
-  Financial expense ratio reports 
-  Feeder fund look-through reports    
-  Daily net asset value feed 
-  Client specific chart of account reporting 
  Awarded outstanding performance for team role in conversion of securities pricing hierarchy  
 
Senior fund accountant / fund accountant                                                                   Citibank Singapore 
 
  Preparation  of   client’s  month  end  account  and  reporting  including  balance  sheet  and  prof it  and  loss 
statement for financial reporting. 
  Preparing and rev iew of  daily and monthly unit trust net asset valuation (NAV) including: 
-  Ensuring completeness of  trades and corporate actions 
-  Pricing of various securities type including equities, bonds, derivatives  
-  Reconciliation  of  securities,  corporate  actions  and  cash  position  including  following  through 
investigation to resolution of any breaks  
  New fund set-up which include parallel run and various testing required by clients through change in system 
parameterization. 
  Lead and participate in system testing and upgrades 
 
Project work and achievements 
 

  Overseas  training  assignment  for  Citi  Thailand  fund  accounting  team  during  Citi  Thailand  Multifonds 
implementation 
  Awarded outstanding performance for team role in fund restructuring  

 

 

 

 
Education 
 
CPA Australia    
 
Specialised Diploma in Fund management and adm inistration 
Nanyang Polytechnic 
 
Bachelor in Commerce – Accounting 
Deakin University 
                                                               
Personal attributes and skills 
 
Communication & Interpersonal 
  Fluent in English and Mandarin. 
  Able to converse and write fluently. 
  Good personal relationships with team mates and management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2009 

2009 

2005 

 
System prof iciency:  
  Microsof t office words, excel, powerpoint 
  Multifonds (Fund accounting system) 
  P-control (Portfolio check system) 
  Statpro (Portfolio analysis system) 
  Bloomberg                                
  Charles river (Investment management solution system)                          

