Kai  Berlick 
 
(+65) 8504 4480 / kai.berlick@hotmail.com  
Univ ersity  of New South W ales,  2002 - Master  of Techno logy  Management   
Univ ersity  of New South W ales,  2000 - Bachelor of Engineering  (Mining)   
The Sy dney  Boy s High Schoo l, 1995 – Higher  Schoo l Certificate 
 
Adv anced Certificate  in  Operational  Risk  (2008, SII  UK) 
Inv estment Administration  Qualification  (2008, SII  UK)  
Securities  and Deriv ativ es  Industry  Acc reditation  - PS 146 (2002) 
ASX Options Acc redited Adv iser  Lev el 1 and Lev el 2 (2002, Ex pired)  
 
Account & Relationship  Management,  Lean  techniques, c lient  & staff  presentations   
and training,  operations  team leading,  projec t management, ad -hoc  business   
analy sis  and procedure writing,  strong technical  aptitude.  
 
MS Office,  Ex cel  (Adv anced) and basic  VBA  coding, Outlook (adv anced),   
SharePo int  (intermediate).  User acceptance testing.  Mainframe  sy stems,  
SW IFT and cash processing. 

NAME: 
 
CONTACT: 

EDUCATION: 

 

PROFESSIONAL  
QUALIFICATIONS: 

 

TRANSFERABLE  
SKILLS: 
 

SYSTEMS  
EXPERIENCE: 

CAREER HISTORY:  

 
 

 

Nov  2015 – Current   Morgan Stanley  Asia  - C leared Derivatives,  Singapore   
 
- C lient  Service  Team Leader  / C lient  Service  Manager 
▪  Manager/team-lead  of  C lient  Serv ice  Support  (CSS)  team.  CSS  performs  daily   contro ls  and 
processing within  the ov erall  C lient  Serv ice Group, supporting ex change traded deriv ativ es  (ETD), 
OTC  deriv ativ es and FX Prime Brokerage. 
▪  Responsible  for  the  implementation  of  the CSS  t eam  in  2016, designing  c ross-training  plans  and 
func tional  cov erage. 
▪  Daily   contro ls checklist  design  and  implementation  (200+ daily   contro l po ints  ac ross 2  products 
and multiple  func tions). 
▪  Drafted departmental  procedures aligned  with daily   contro ls checklist,  superv isory  procedures, and 
assoc iated  ad-hoc  procedures. 
▪  Lean Change Agent  / Champion for Singapore  - deliv ering  Lean  training  to the Singapore c leared  
deriv ativ es  department, guiding  teams  throug h Root Cause  Problem So lv ing  and  Standard Work 
analy ses.  Ongo ing SME  for  lean  process queries  for Singapore office.  
▪  Identification,  design,  testing  and  implementation  of  multip le  end-user  computing  too ls 
(SharePo int , Ex cel & VBA  based).   
▪  Superv ision  of  c lient  margining  processes  and  contro ls,  rev iew  and  reporting  of  fails  and  aging 
calls,  maintenance  of sy stemic  contro ls, approv als of payments, monitoring of automated internal 
‘bridge’ margin  sy stem and upstream margin calculation  processes.  
▪  Superv ision  of  position  ex piry   notification  processes  cov ering  pre/post  ev ent  ex piry   result 
notifications  and  assoc iated  contro ls,  and  statement  accuracy  contro l  processes  cov ering static  
data, manual book ings, out -of-range prices. 
▪  Tac tical management of liv e  issues  impac ting c lient serv ice, interfac ing with  IT  to prioritise,  mitigate  
and perform  root cause analy sis  of  issues. 
▪  Requirements  analy sis  and implementation  of custom c lient  reporting,  liais ing  direc tly  with  c lients  
to scope requirements. 
▪  BRD  and UAT  rev iews  for global  projec ts. 

JP MORGAN CHASE  – Investor Services,  Sydney, Australia   

 
Mar  2011 – Oc t 2015  
 
- C lient  Service  Account Manager  (Oc t 2012 – Oc t 2015 ) 
▪  Management of  c lient  SLA’s and deliv erables  for custody  and fund serv ices  c lients. 
▪  C lient  serv ice  rev iews,  scorecards, metrics analy sis,  due diligence  responses and presentations.  
▪  Partnering  with  c lients  to  rev iew  strategic   direc tion  and  requirements,  managing  c lient  serv ice 
change requirements  and communicating JPMC  dev elopments.  

 

 

CV  – Kai Ber lick 

                       

▪  Escalation  po int  for serv ice  issues  and produc t/serv ice queries. 
▪  Coordinating  v irtual  teams  ac ross multiple  departments  to effec tiv ely   respond to c lient  requests, 
sy stem issues  and reporting delay s due  to data  requirements.  
▪  Coordinating  financ ial  y ear end timetables  between  v irtual  teams and c lients. 
▪  Custody  SME and jo int  lead  cov erage for 3 rd party  inv estment manager c lients. 
 
- C lient  Service  Administrator  (Contrac t March  2011 – Sept 2012) 
▪  Institutional  c lient  serv ice  focusing on equities,  fix ed  interest  and  custody  produc ts. 
▪  Risk manag ing breaks and unmatched trades, inv estigating  missing  income distributions ,  coupons, 
div idends and  failed  payments. 
▪  Custody  metrics scorecards and trend analy sis,  root cause analy sis  and remediation. 

 

 
Apr 2010 – Dec  2010    Travelling 
 
Feb 2005 – Apr 2010   MORGAN STANLEY INTERNATIONAL PLC  London, United  Kingdom 
 
- Listed  Derivatives  C lient  Relationship  Manag er  (Sept 2009 – Apr 2010) 
▪  Dev eloping   and  retaining  high  rev enue  and strategic   institutional  c lients  of  the  listed  deriv ativ es 
div ision  of  the  firm   (hedge  funds  and  inv estment  managers),  inc luding  on-boarding  and 
identification  of sy stems and produc t opportunities.  
▪  Managing bespoke c lient  requirements & technical connec tion requests, c lient meetings,  root cause 
analy sis  of serv ice  issues. 
▪  Assisting  in  c lient  pitches and designing  /  rev iewing  marketing  material.  
▪  Value-add  serv ices  inc luding  proac tiv e c lient  market adv ice and MS market analy sis . 
▪  Business  analy sis  and projec t management of implementation  of workflow sy stem cov ering primary 
departments of  the LD  div ision. 
▪  Training  staff  and  c lients  on  listed  deriv ativ es  produc ts  and  sy stems,  writing  and  deliv erin g  
seminars,  training  sessions  and workshops 

 
- Listed  Derivatives  C lient  Service  Representative  (Feb 2005 – Sept 2009) 
▪  Back-up cov erage for European head of c lient  serv ice. 
▪  C lient  relationship  management – liais ing  with c lients  and internal  business  div isions  (inc luding  risk 
management , compliance,  traders, sales  and marketing) 
▪  Team  leader,  inc luding  resource management , serv ice escalations  and performance management 
in a high-pressure  env ironment. 
▪  Transition  manager  for  new  off-site  c lient  serv ice  team  (Glasgow),  ensuring  risk  management, 
escalation  and serv ice during  transition  period,  inc luding  final  training  of  team and local  manager. 
▪  Ov ersight of daily   process  inc luding   margining  and position  risk  management ,  trade  and product 
queries,  break  inv estigations  and root cause analy sis,  complaints  inv estigation  and reso lution. 
▪  Risk  Management  –  identify ing  and  implementing  risk  reduc tion  measures  around margin  trade 
communication and processing. Process and contro l design  for European c lient  serv ice  teams. 
▪  Design  and  coordination of c lient  confidentiality   audits,  local  management of audit  process. 
▪  Software  testing  and  dev elopment ;  c lient  relationship  management  sy stem ,  trade  allocation  
sy stem. Deriv ativ e  ex piry  tracking sy stem, multiple  SharePo int sites. 
▪  Design and implementation  of E-mailbox  sy stem and email  flow  (multiple  team mailbox es and mail-
groups, inc luding  access contro l mail-groups.  Ov erall  sav ing of >1 hour per person per day .  
▪  Training/Mentoring  New  Staff 
 
Jun 2004 – Feb 2005   Travelling   
 
Aug 2001 – May  2004   COMMONWEALTH SECURITIES LIMITED, Sydney,  Australia 
(Commonwealth  Bank of Australia),   
▪  Client  relationship  management –  professional  clients  (loans, credit  needs, mortgage issues 
and discharges).  
▪  Trade o rder entry  & monitoring  – equities,  options and warrants  v ia  IRESS  and Reuters. 
▪  Software  testing of  firm-wide  c lient  relationship  management and  risk  analy sis  sy stem  
▪  Dev elopment and main tenance of email  contac t sy stem and Outlook Forms dev elopment. 

 

     

CV  – Kai Ber lick 

