Kim Zheng Hui (Jake) 
• Mobile Number: (+65) 9853 0806   
• Email Address: kimzhenghui@gmail.com 

• Mailing Address: Blk 278A Compassvale Bow 14-545 Singapore 541278 

 

 

EDUCATION 

Bachelor of Accountancy (Second Upper Class Honours) 

 

 

Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore  

 CGPA: 4.16/5.0 

International Student Exchange Programme    

 

 

 

 

Haskayne School of Business, University of Calgary, Alberta, Canada 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aug 09 – Jul 12 

Aug 11 – Dec 11 

 Attended courses from diverse faculties such as business, accounting, archaeology and primatology  

 Interacted and participated in group projects with students from various culture s such as Hong Kong, Australia and Canada 

GCE ‘A’ Levels   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nanyang Junior College 

 3 Distinctions in Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry   

GCE ‘O’ Levels   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jan 05 – Dec 06 

Jan 01 – Dec 04 

Anderson Secondary School 

 7 Distinctions   

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd 

 

 

 

Investment Analyst                                         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sep 15 – Present 

 Understand funding requirements, conduct market research, undertake detailed feasibility studies and analyse investment risks   

 Preparation and review of transaction legal documentation including loan documents and security documents.  

 Ensure investee compliance to regulations and covenants and monitor operational and financial performance  

 Participate in investment business development 

 Carry out divestment functions 
 
 
 
 

KPMG LLP 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Audit Senior Associate in Diversified Industries Department                                           

 

 

 

Sep 12 – Sep 15 

 

 

 Team-in-charge for audit projects responsible for planning audit scope and leading the execution of audit work from start to end. 

 Identify and analyse relationships between financial and non-financial data to develop effective audit procedures.  

 Review key business processes to identify performance improvement opportunities for c lients. 

 Develop good client relationships to ensure deliverables are completed on time and within budget. 

 Diversified experience in audit of different client type  and industries such as: 

- Government bodies, SGX listed companies, Multinational Companies 

- Logistics, Construction, Aerospace, Transportation 

 Consistent Highly Effective Performance (Above  average) appraisal rating for 3 years. 

Toyota Motors Asia Pacific Pte Ltd   

 

 

Treasury Intern                                                      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  May 11 – Jul 11 

 Manage cash through cheque issuance and applying credit advices . 

 Monitor debtors’ accounts and ensure timely payment.  

 Prepare Global Netting System Discrepancy Report to de-conflict AR and AP with affiliate companies.  

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

Hall of Residence 10, 17th Junior Common Room Committee 

  

Oct 10 – Sep 11 

    Recreational Secretary 

 Managed 70 subcommittee members to promote the games in hall and ensure that welfare of recreational players are met.  

 Supervise training sessions and represent hall’s recreational games interest during Inter Hall Recreational Games.  

Hall of Residence 10, Event X 2010 Committee  

    Financial Secretary 

 Planning and allocation of finance budget and processing of invoices.  

    National Cadet Corps, Anderson Secondary School 
    1st Sergeant 

 

 

 Mentored the Secondary 2 platoon in drills and physical trainings   

Media Club, Anderson Secondary School 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    Vice President 

  

 

 

Feb 10 – Mar 10 

Jan 01 – Jun 04 

Jan 02 – Jun 04 

 Oversaw the running of major schools events like Speech Day by providing audio and technical support. 

 Conducted weekly trainings to maintain the technical competencies of members and maintenance of equipment.  

 

AWARDS AND ACCREDITATIONS 

 Chartered Accountant (Singapore) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Awarded KPMG Service Excellence Team Award (Merit)  for two key clients.    

 Awarded Outstanding Performance Rating for National Service.  

 

 

 Awarded Excellent Academic Award with 3 Distinctions for GCE ‘A’ Level.  

 Awarded Gold Unit Award for National Cadet Corps. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Awarded the School Colours Award (Silver) for outstanding performance in CCA. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sep 15 - Present 

 

 

 

 

 

2013/2014 

    2009 

    2006 

2003/2004 

    2004 

 

LANGUAGE AND IT SKILLS 

 Language: English and Chinese (Written & Spoken) 

 IT Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access), Basic SAP, Oracle, MYOB, QuickBooks.  

 

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS 

 Reading business news 

 Enjoys movies and recreational football 

 Travelling 

