Jul 2015-May 2016 

Dec 2014–Jul 2015  

SHRIMALI, Shipra 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
Evalueserve, India (Morgan Stanley) 
 
Equity Research, Senior Research Associate 
 
•  Earned  revenue  of  US$5  million  for  Evalueserve   while  working  with  the  sell-side  Equity  Research  team  of  Morgan 
Stanley on company and industry specific analysis. 
•  Covered large-cap companies having market capitalization o f more than US$1.5 billion while tracking different sectors 
- Retail, Telecom, Real Estate Development, Aviation and Auto. 
•  Assisted in handling client requests, which generated high revenues for Morgan Stanley.  
 
•  Worked  on  financial  modeling  and  various  relative  valuations  te chniques  and  other  multiples.  Prepared  earnings  
note, sector  and  thematic reports,  and  assisted clients  to generate  industry  and stock specific  insights and carried 
out comparative analysis of sectors through various metrics. Earned appreciation for the wo rk performed.  
 
•  Collected  financial  data  by  using  research  tools   and  databases  like  Reuters,  Bloomberg,  etc.  and  was  involved  in 
search  and  aggregation  of  daily  news  pertaining  to  companies  under   coverage. Streamlined many   proc edures  for  
collection and upda te of data.  
 
•  Prepared marketing presentations from time to time to help analyst get more business . 
 
Uninet Strategic Management Limited, India 
 
Equity Research, Associate Vice President  
 
•  High-booked  return  of  more  than  US$50,000  from  first  time  investments  done  on  the  basis  of  equity  research  of 
Indian mid-cap companies through analysis of financial statements, industry trends and future prospects.   
•  Consistently encouraged and held fortnightly information sharing sessions on investmen ts. 
•  Designed and maintained an MIS for investment transactions.  
 
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., India  
 
Internal Auditor, Senior Manager  
 
•  Analysis of transactions with an approach to unearth fake customer accounts, money laundering, other suspicious 
transactions and practices, and ensured compliance to regulatory requirements. Highlighted very critical 
observations w.r.t. AML/Regulatory deviations to management, safeguarding the bank from financial and 
reputational risks and earned appreciation from First Tier Audit Committee Meeting:  
Detected forgery by 5 branch employees of transactions worth US$9 million and curtailed their actions.  
- 
Reported mal practices for catering to unreasonable demands of elite customers with a relationship value  of 
- 
US$6 million. Generated revised manual to explicitly mention ways to meet demands of these customers.  
Identified discrepancies in state level taxati on policies. Devised and implemented new policies.  
- 
•  Basis  performance,  post  completion  of  first  year,  additional  responsibility   was   assigned  to  lead  own  audit 
assignments  as  well  as  independently  review  audit  assignments  of  other  teams.  Mentored  and  supervi sed  10 
colleagues. Also,  approval was given to conduct  discussions with Senior Management  as  an Audit  lead, making 
me the youngest to get such an opportunity and responsibility.  
 
•  Created  process,  risk,  and  control  inputs  for  Thomson  Reuter’s  Accelus  audit  software  which  was  successfully 
launched at an all India level.  
 
•  Conducted group discussions and interviews during the hiring process, and was part of the disciplinary committee.  
 
Vijay Kalra & Co., India  
 
Article Trainee 
 
•  Earned  revenue  of  US$  40,000  from  conducting  concurrent  and  statutory  audit  assignments ,  and  filing  income  tax 
returns of clients. Responsible for finalizing financial accounts of clients, individuals & corporate.   

Feb 2012–Nov 2014  

Sep 2007–Mar 2011 

 

 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  

 

                 
Professional Qualifications/ Projects – 
               2016-17 
Strategy Project for Canon Inc. Inkjet Printers 
               2016-17 
Equity Valuation Report at Nanyang Business School                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                     2012 
Chartered Accountant, Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of India                                                     
                     2012 
NSE Certified Market Professional  – Level 1 Certification, India                                                          

Awards & Recognitions – 
Participant, Ben Graham Stock Picking Competition, Ivey Business School  
Co-Chair, Banking & Finance Club, Nanyang Business School  
Nanyang Women in Business Scholarship, Nanyang  Business School  
Considered amongst the best performing employees in Internal Audit Department, Kotak  
Stood Second in batch in B. Com (Hons.)  

 
                    2017 
              2016-17 
2016 
2012-2014 
2010 

Blue Blazer Holder and Five-year Consecutive Scholar, Delhi Public School, R.K. Puram,  India 
 
Interests – 
 
Travelling,  watching  cinema,  organising  cultural  events,  tracking  Indian  stock  market,  community  involvement  through 
pro-bono services for different NGOs in India – volunteer in Adhiyagya and sponsor in Children International Org.   

2002-2007 

 

 
PERSONAL INFORMATION  
Nationality: Indian 
 
Email: SHIPRA001@e.ntu.edu.sg  
Mobile: (+65) 8359 1704  
 
 
LANGUAGES  
English (Business) 
 
Hindi (Native)  
Gujarati (Basic) 

 
SUMMARY 
The field of investment research and 
management  is what drives Shipra in 
life. She has consistently 
demonstrated a strong zeal to work in 
the field of finding the best investment 
opportunities and seeks to leverage 
her experiences in an investment 
research/management  role.  
 
She is an experienced finance 
professional and qualified 
Chartered Accountant from India 
with 7+ years of working 
knowledge in the fields of Equity  
Research, Bank Audits, 
preparation of accounting 
statements and Indian  
taxation. She has extensive exposure 
in the analysis of financial and non-
financial data. Due to her superior 
performance, Shipra was assigned 
the task of team management.  
 
Shipra has been associated with two  
 
NGOs, Adhiyagya and Children 
International Organisation catering 
to children empowerment.  
 
EDUCATION  
2016-2017 (expected)  
 
Master of Business Administ ration  
Nanyang Technological  University 
Nanyang Business School, Singapore  
 
2007-2011 
 
Chartered  Accountancy  
Institute Of Chartered Accountants Of  
India, Delhi, India  
 
2007-2010 
 
Bachelor Of Commerce (Hons.)  
Delhi University 
Kamala Nehru College, Delhi, India  
 
 
 
 
LinkedIn:   
www.linkedin.com/in/shiprashrimali  
 

