 

Mobile : 9216 2087 
 
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVES 

Treliza LI 

 

      TYFL@netvigator.com 

A challenging career as a Manager with a progressive company that w ill effectively utilize acqu ired expertise 
and experience. 
 
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 
 
  Human Resources and Administrative Professional with more than 20 years as a Corporate Office 
Manager, and Personal Assistant.  Dynamic individual with expertise in multi-cultural environment of 
the  International  Law  Firm,  Fortune  500,  Professional.    Proficient  in  staff  training  and  supervision, 
office  logistics,  workflow  streamlining,  executive  management  support,  event  planning,  travel 
arrangement,  logist ics,  internship,  relocation,  expatriate  employment/work  visa  application, 
appo intment scheduling and conf idential project supervision.   
  Experienced in Office fitting-out projects, renovations, and new  business set up including property 
management and premises searching. 
  Expertise in lease and contract negotiation, inventory control, infrastructure reorganization, marketing 
event/workshop  planning,  record  keeping  and  file  management.    Human  resources  related 
compensation  and  benefits  package.    Quick  learner  with  an  ability  to  rapidly  achieve  organizational 
integration, assimilate  job requirements simultaneously.  Resourceful in resolving emerging problems. 
  Strong  communication,  interpersonal,  intuitive,  administrative,  organizationa l,  problem  solving  and 
leadership  skills.    Multi-tasking  and  proven  ability  to  work  efficiently  in  both  independent  and  team 
environments.    Skilled  in  the use of MS W indows, Excel,  Power  po int and W ords.    Close  to  Native 
English  and  fluent  Mandarin .    Excellent  in  administrative  and  secretarial  support  to  the  top 
management.  Experienced liaison to global subsidiaries requiring ability to ensure work continuity and 
accountability. 

 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
ADDLESHAW GOODARD LLP (UK Law  Firm)                                                 March 2014 – April 2017 
OFFICE MANAGER (Head of Administration & Human Resources) 
Firm size of 1,500+ w ith offices in UK, Middle-East, Singapore and Hong Kong 
 
  Oversee the smooth operation of HK office (with 50 fee-earners and support staff)  
 
Lead and manage the team of 8 of Support and Facilities Division   
  Close daily collaboration w ith UK counterparts – Security Division, Human Resources (Recruitment, 
leave administration and employer and employee tax filings, Annual Returns), IT Service and 
Operations Team, Risk & Compliance (Office Insurance, Professional Indemnity - ESSAR, Group 
Medical, Employee Compensations and Travel Insurance, renewa l of so licitors certificate, Law 
Society compliance and IRD re lated tax reporting), Central Procurement and Finance (account 
payable and receivables) to provide and maintain quality service to our staff in HK.  
Formulate,  implement, review  and enhance office administration policies and procedures and work 
closely w ith Health & Safety manager in the UK. 
  Maintain hea lth and safety in the workplaces includ ing DSE, IAQ assessments.  
 
Liaise w ith landlord and building management in relation to office lease, air-condition supply, 
maintenance and facilities etc. 
 
In charge of Off ice security and admin istration, telephone system, and other off ice equipments. 
  Recent ly completed an office expansion/renovation project and worked closely with UK Project 
team, IT Service team and contractor/nominated sub-contractors and landlord.  
  Other duties  include office / travel arrangements, annual budgeting and other ad hoc dut ies as 
assigned. 
  Coordinate with UK-HR Shared Services department with new hire administration includ ing email 
account set, IT equipment supply. 
  Responsible for new hire  induction, orientation process including health & safety, First Aids box and 
DSE assessment and Business Cont inuity Plan. 
 
First point of contact of IT equipments set up and related upgrades. 
  Renewal of staff employment and IANG visas and responsible for expatriate staff tax clearance. 
  CPD Administrator responsible for application and follow through the approval procedures of the 
accredited trainings with The Law Society of Hong Kong. 
  Event Planning and Management including client cocktails, CPD  in house training, Law Fair and 
firm’s group functions – Xmas dinner and mid-year firm’s event. 

Page 1 of 5 

 

 

 

 

 
July 2013 – Feb 2014 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Cont’d) 
 
TRANSCEND INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LTD 
Executive Coaching & Consultancy Firm 
GENERAL MANAGER – ADMINISTRATION  
 
  Ensure the effectiveness of full range of Human Resources roles including C&B and staff recruitment; 
office administrative duties, including but not  limited to office management, facilities management, 
office ma intenance, insurances including employee compensation, med ical & dental, office content, 
and professional indemnity  insurances. 
  Oversee new  office renovation projects including project scheduling, space planning, project 
monitoring includ ing procurement of furniture and computer hardware. 
 
To review and negotiate off ice premises and  leasing related matters. 
  Manage and implement full procurement process and ensure the compliance of Company’s 
requirements 
  Develop, review and streamline company po licies, guidelines and regulations 
  Prepare and monitor the group’s budget for general office administrat ive services. 
  Organize complex international travel arrangements for sen ior executives 
  Monitor and control of the company’s invoicing, billing processes and aging reports 
  Coordinate board and executive meetings including meeting agenda and minutes 
 
In charge of the planning and scheduling of the group ’s executive coaching sessions, conference and 
events with our marketing team. 
  Handle ad-hoc projects as required 
 
 
EDWARDS WILDMAN PALMER (International Law  Firm) 
OFFICE MANAGER (Head of Administration & Human Resources) 
Firm size of 650+staff worldwide w ith 14 offices in HK, London and the United States 
 
  Oversee the smoothing running of HK office (with 25+ professional fee-earners and supporting staff) 
human resources and administration operations, including talent recruitment, administration of C&B 
policies, office and employee insurances, professional indemnity, MPF, recogn ition, performance 
eva luation, employee relations and communications.   
  Update and maintenance of HR net (information system), sickness and attendance records, contract 
review and other related operating policies and procedures. 
  Review and update all HR policies and procedures, employee handbook and Business Cont inuity 
Plan.  In charge of the office security system, telephone system, and other office equ ipments. 
  Provide induction and orientation to new hires including supporting staff, interns and trainee solicitors. 
 
First point of contact of IT matters/ issues. 
 
Facilities management including office relocation/fitting out projects to 7,000 sq office at The 
Center  
  Responsible for overall office operat ion budget control.  
 
Travel arrangement for executive staff and VIPs. 
 
Leading a team of 7 admin istrative/secretarial and IT staff  
  Monitor in-house training (accredited training provider), CPD administration and filing in compliance 
with the requ irements of The Law Society of Hong Kong. 
  Admin istration of the Library – Procurement, subscr iptions and updating related duties. 
  Marketing and Event Management  including client cocktail party, company functions, Partners’ retreat 
including premium sourcing, e-invitation, sponsorship events and other marketing initiatives. 

May 2011 – July 2013 

2006 – May 2011 

 
THE MRI CHINA GROUP (EXECUTIVE SEARCH AND CONSULTANCY GROUP) 
OFFICE MANAGER & PERSONAL ASSISTANT TO CEO (BRITISH) 
 
  Group size of 250+staff with 9 offices in HK, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia and Macau. 
  Manage overall office administration and human resources functions includ ing the insurances, C&B 
for the ent ire group.  
  Responsible for all round Human Resources functions - recruitment, compensation & benefits, staff 
orientation and training, expatriate employment visa and expatriate relocations. 
Formulate and implement company's policy and procedures for HK and other offices in China and 
Asian region. 
  Periodic review  of service provider contract and maintenance contract for cost effectiveness. 
  Procurement of office equipments, furniture, IT related hardwares/softwares. 
 
 

 

 

Page 2 of 5 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Cont’d) 
 
 

Facilities management including office relocation, renovat ions and fitt ing out projects in HK, Macau 
and China. 
  Manage and maintain the office security system, telephone system, and other office equipments. 
 
Travel arrangement for execut ive staff and VIPs. 
  Head of HR & Admin Department  leading a team of 5 admin istrative staff including Regional IT 
Manager. 
  Planning and organizing of company functions and regional conferences. 
 
IMAGIC SYSTEMS LTD (DEVELOPER & PROVIDER OF MULTIMEDIA SOLUTION) 
PERSONAL ASSISTANT TO CHAIRMAN (CHINESE AND JUSTICE OF PEACE) 
  Provide executive level administrative support to the Chairman including correspondence, diary 
management, trave l arrangements and personal investment portfolio.   

2005 - 2005 

2002 - 2004 

 
CONCORD CAMERA HK LTD (NASDAQ LISTED – CAMERA MANUFACTURER) 
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO MANAGING DIRECTOR (AMERCIAN) 
  Personal Assistant to the Managing Director - Provided day-to-day secretarial and administrative 
support  including screen ing/drafting of email, correspondence, and translation of documents.  Diary 
management and travel arrangements. 
  Responded to  internal and external communications and render assistance in preparation of business 
proposal and presentations  
  Provided full range of administrative and secretarial support to the Chairman & CEO.  
  Human Resources functions including executive staff and internship recruitment, stock options, 
debentures, relocation, executive staff benefits ent it lement.  
  Head of Office Administration Department – leading a team of 6 staff including driver. Reviewed 
and negotiated business contracts/agreements with travel agent, hotels, service providers, landlord 
and property management. 
  Maintained, formulated and implemented Administration policies and procedures.   
  Responsible for all aspect office administration activities, space planning and facilit ies management. 
  Organized major company events, such as seminar, Christmas party, annua l dinner and social 
functions.   
  Developed of the Administration database, corporate website and production of quarterly staff 
newsletter. 

 
ACNIELSEN (CHINA) LIMITED (WORLD’S LEADING MARKET RESEARCH) 
ADMINISTRATION MANAGER  
  Responsible for all aspect office administration activities and facilities management. 
  Undertook ad-hoc project assigned by the management, e.g. all-round cost-savings exercise of 
discretionary costs and introduction of energy management to the company. 
  Space planning - renovation and relocation projects. 
  Developed and implemented office policies, procedures and formulated security policies. 
  Developed Intranet network, e-buy stat ionery system for the whole company. 
 
Leading 2 Departments – Office Administration and Report Production Department. Leading a 
team of 14 administration staff. 

1999 - 2001 

1999 - 2001 

 
ACNIELSEN (CHINA) LIMITED (WORLD’S LEADING MARKET RESEARCH) 
 
(Promoted to Administration Manager of Hong Kong Office in 2000) 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY TO PRESIDENT (AMERCIAN) – ASIA PACIFIC 
 
  Prioritized the expatriate President’s daily appointments, business commitments including 
management committee meetings, conferences meet ings in 14 offices within the Asia Pacific region. 
  Provided broad range of personal, administrative, secretarial support to the top management and 
ensured smooth running of the executive office in the absence of the President. 
  Provided minutes-taking at the monthly Management Committee meet ings, email-administration, and 
independent correspondence. 
  Rendered assistance to the Corporate Communications and Business Development Departments 
including and not limited to public relations, press releases, press conference, product launch and 
insight staff newsletter production. 

 

 
 

Page 3 of 5 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Cont’d) 
 
 
LIGHTHOUSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO SALES & MARKETING DIRECTOR (CHINESE) 
 
  Provided spectrum range of marketing, administrative and secretarial support to marketing director.  
Major responsibilities included corresponding to customer enquiries, ad-hoc projects, procurement of 
all marketing related materials, and trave lling arrangements and coordination with 4 overseas offices. 
  Assisted  in compiling marketing proposals, tender preparation, presentation materials (in English and 
Chinese) and responsible for marketing and public relation act ivities - events/conferences, trade 
shows, exhibitions. 

1998 -1999 

 
GOLDMAN SACHS (TOP INVESTMENT BANKING – IBD DIVISION) 
1998 - 1998 
SENIOR SECRETARY AND NIGHT SECRETARY TO BANKERS (GERMAN, KOREAN AND 
AMERICAN) OF INVESTMENT BANKING & RESEARCH DIVISIONS  (TEMPORARY) 
 
  Provided spectrum range of administrative and secretarial support to bankers of both Investment 
Banking and Research Divisions.  Major responsibilities included corresponding to enquiries, 
screening of telephone calls and coordinate w ith audio conferencing meetings. 
  Handled travelling and transportation arrangements. 
  Provided guests and visitors greeting, coordinate company visits for bankers and their supporting 
executives. 
  Assisted  in T&E reimbursements and trip reports for IBD bankers. 
 
1996 - 1998 
SEA-LAND LOGISTICS (CHINA) LTD (SEA-LAND GROUP/LOGISTICS) 
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO GENERAL MANAGER, REGIONAL OFFICE (AMERCIAN) 
 
  Provided spectrum range of office administration and secretarial support to expatriate MD and his 
team of 7 (multi-nationalities) both in Hong Kong and Shanghai off ices. 
  Major responsibilities included minutes taking, correspondence, ema il and internet administration, co-
ordinating meetings, logistics and travelling arrangements 
  Assisted the team in compiling market ing proposals, tender preparation, bilingual presentation 
materials and conduct market research/survey, marketing activities and ad-hoc project.  
  Rendered assistance  in translation of documents (Ch inese/English vice versa). 
  Procurement of office supplies, office equ ipment, systems and facilit ies maintenance in compliance of 
office safety requirements. 
  Closely coordinate with the Group’s PRC offices. 
  Provided assistances with overseas colleagues on ad-hoc projects.  

 

1988 - 1995 

 
DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU (CPA) 
SENIOR SECRETARY II TO EXPATRIATE PARTNERS (BRITISH AND CHINESE) 
 
  Provided spectrum range of office administration and secretarial support to two Audit Partners.  Major 
responsibilit ies included minutes taking, draft ing correspondence and audio typ ing. 
  Arrangement of tight meeting schedules and appointments, travelling arrangements. 
  Rendered assistance in compiling of f inancial reports, training materials, proposa ls, proofreading etc. 
  Compiled monthly W IP report for audit management group.  
  Responsible for the roster of ho liday villa and pleasure junk of the partner 
  Book keeping of the syndicated members’ accounts.  
 
 
JOHNSON ELECTRIC HOLDINGS LIMITED (HK-LISTED MANUFACTURER) 
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY TO DIRECTOR (AMERCIAN CHINESE) 
 
  Major responsibilities  included preparation of minutes of meeting, agenda, and circular, scheduling of 
meetings and appointments 
  Provided overall administration and secretarial support to the top management and assistance to 
professional bodies (architects, engineers and project manager) in related to the plant 
development/construct ion projects both in Ta ipo Industrial Estate and the PRC during the plann ing 
stage and upon the completion of the projects. 

1985- 1988 

Page 4 of 5 

 
EDUCATION and QUALIFICATIONS 
 
NAPIER UNIVERSITY (Edinburgh, United Kingdom) December 2002 
 
MSc in ADMINISTRATIVE & INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 
 
Institute of Administrative Management, United Kingdom February 1999 
Advanced Diploma in Administrative Management  

Hong Kong Polytechnic/HKMA  1994 
Diploma in Management Studies (DMS) 
Sara Beattie Co llege - Secretarial Studies  1984 
Educated in the United Kingdom for secondary and matriculation studies 
 
Occupational Safety & Health (Labour Department) 2015 
 
 
First Aid Care in the Workplace 
  Occupational Health for Office W orkers including Display Screen Equipment (DSE) assessment 
  Work & Health Life-Style Workshop 
 
First Aid Training (in progress) 
 
Transcend International Coaching 
 
Completion of Executive Coaching Level 1 & 2 – October 2013 
 
Hong Kong Mediation Center 2012 
 
Certificate of Professiona l Mediator Training (Hong Kong Mediation Center)- Sept 2012 
 
St. James Settlement Continued Education Centre 
 
Advanced & Certificate in Business Communications & Eloquent Skills - Aug 2012 
 
CCH  
  Understanding the Business Risk of the New Race Discrimination Ordinance in HK - Nov 2008 
  Hong Kong Employment Law Risks during an Economic Downturn - Dec 2008  
  Confidential Information, Employee Misconduct; Post-employment Restrictions - May 2007 

HKFTU Labour Service Centre July 2002 
  Labour Law  in Hong Kong 
 
HKMA  May 2002 
Certificate of Pub lic Relations (HKMA) 

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 
 
Well versed in Hong Kong Labour Ordinance, C&B and MPF regulations 
Secretarial support and company secretary regulations 
MS Office (Words, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio) and Visual software  
LotusNotes and Outlook Express email applicat ions 
Website design applicat ions including Macromedia Dreamweaver, Flash and Fireworks 
 
LANGUAGES 
 
Close to native English, Cantonese and fluent Mandarin 
 
AFFILIATION 
 
  Member of Institution of Admin istrative Management (UK) 
  Associate Member of Hong Kong Management Association 

AVAILABILITY 
Immediate 

 

 

 

 

Page 5 of 5 

