Private & Confidential 

WORKING EXPERIENCE 

 
Oct 2007 – June 2017   
Officer with Sta te Street Fund  Services (Singapore) Pte Limited 
 
Fund Administration  for  Private Equity  and  Real  Estate  Funds  (Alternative  Investment Solution)  covering 
the below responsibilities. 
 
 

Cash Management 

  Validate  supporting  documents  p rior  to  cash  wire  preparation  using  clients’  third  party  banking 
platforms;  coordinate  with  author izers  ensuring  all  payments  are  p rocessed  within  the  banks’  cut 
off time. 
  Adhering to Fund Transfers Agreements ensuring proper instructions are received  from au thorized 
person and perform call-back. 
 
Investigate and resolve on failed transactions and returned funds. 
  Monitor o f capital activities and follow up with banks and/or  investors on unusual transactions . 
  Reconcile clients’ recharged claims on SPVs expenses and provide monthly report to clients. 
  Administer  credit  facility  documen tation  submission  including  drawdown,  conversion/rollover, 
repaymen t and interest calculation. 
  Prepare documentations required to open and close bank accounts. 

Investor Due Diligence and Services  
 
  Communicate,  track  and  collect  required  KYC/AML  documentations  in  accordance  with 
investors’ checklist requirements as well as adher ing to MAS  KYC/AML standards . 
  Perform  periodic  screening  on  Dow  Jones  Factiva  and  Thomson  Reuters  World  Check.  Further  
investigate on negative news and p rovide basis of discounting possible hits . 
  Liaise  with  MLRO  on  negative  news/sanctions  hits  and  assisting  with  filing  o f  Susp icious 
Transaction Reports to MAS. 
  Verify  the  source  of  fund and  source  of wealth o f beneficiary  owners and  liaise with Comp liance 
on getting PEP approval.  
  Assist on FATCA and CRS  forms  co llation and perform data validation against Investors’ records. 
  Main tain investors’ static data in Investran and Intralinks . 
  Generate, review and disseminate  investor communications  relating to cap ital call and distribution 
notices. 
 
 
Clien t KYC/AML Onboarding and Remediation  
 
Involve in KYC/AML remediation p roject for existing clients’ records . 
Input  information  in  the  Risk  and  Money  Laundering  Rating  System  for  deal  team  p rocess  and 
approval of new clients. 
  Liaise with Compliance to resolve queries and follow-up  with clients to close missing gaps. 
 
 
Overseas secondment (Guernsey O ffice)  
 
Involved  in  a  global  p roject  for  6   months  period  with  the  objective  to  streamline  core  p rocesses 
across 4 jurisdictions in Europe. 
  Conducted  discussion  with  department  heads  to  understand    the  current  work  streams  and 
documented find ings for managemen t review. 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

Resume of Agnes Low 

 
Page 1  of 3  

 

Private & Confidential 

Ap r 2007  – Oct 2007 
Business Executive (Reg ion Asia ) with Volvo East Asia Pte Ltd 
 

 

  Preparing  monthly  Gross  Pro fit  Margins   report  analyzing  sales  performance  by  markets  (China, 
Japan, Korea, SEA) and by product groups (Marine and Industrial sectors) . 
Investigate  and  provide  commentaries  for  major  var iance  in  p rofit  margins,  and  follow-up   on 
corrective actions. 
  Calculate weekly and monthly inventory turnover/days .   
  Liaise  with  Sales  Managers  on  overdue  deb ts,  credit  terms  and  highlighting  to  managemen t  on 
potential bad debts. 

 
 
 
June 2000 –  April 2007 
Senior  Executive  (Portfolio Management) with Jun iper Capital Ventures  Pte  Ltd, a Venture Cap ital 
firm.  
 

  Preparing  monthly  reports  highlighting  investmen ts  status,    IRR,  cash  burn,  revenue  streams, 
progress  of  fund  raising,  p re  and  post  money  valuations,  potential  IPOs  and  stocks/cash 
distr ibutions. 
  Revalue  investments  to its  latest post-valuation price, compute equity  stake  in  investee  companies  
and p rovide commentaries on diminution in value of investments. 
  Provide quarterly managemen t reports to Board of D irectors and Internal Audit Committee. 
  Liaise with USA stock brokering firms  on receipts and sales of quoted stocks. 
  Coordination  with  lawyers  on  closing  investment  papers  and  issuance  o f  investments’  share 
certificates. 
  Assist in divestment of Group ’s subsidiaries in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. 
 

 
 
May 1999 –  June 2000 
Costing Assistant with Castrol S ingapore Pte Ltd 
 

  Costing o f development p roducts and calcu lation of transfer p ricing. 
  Perform cost roll-up and involve in annual standard cost revision exercise. 
  Perform var iance analysis and monitor profit margin. 
  Assist auditors in conducting semi-annual stock  takes and reconciliation. 
 
 
 

Jan 1998 – May 1999 
Audit Officer w ith Tang  Cheng Lin & Co, CPA  Firm 
 

  Conduct external audits for small- to-med ium size companies . 
  Preparation of audit schedu les  and drafting of audit programs . 
  Computation of personal and companies’  taxation. 
  Corporate secretarial serv ices. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Resume of Agnes Low 

 
Page 2  of 3  

 

Private & Confidential 

PERSONAL DATA 

 
 
Name: Agnes Low  
 
Residential Address: Block 532, Jelapang Road, #21 -47, Singapore 670532 
 
Race: Chinese 
 
Marital Status   : S ingle  
 
Citizenship: S ingaporean 
 
Contact: 9150  7822 (mob ile) 
 
Email: agnes.ssg@gmail.com 
 
 

 
 
Oct 1995  – Aug 1997 

 
Jun 1993 – Jun 1995 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATION 

University o f Kent at Canterbury (UK)  
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in  Accounting & Finance 
Awarded Second Class  Honours (Lower)  

Singapore Polytechn ic 
Diploma in Accountancy 

STRENGTH  & ABILITIES 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

  Conversant with  Microso ft Word, Excel and Outlook. 
  Conversant with  Investran, In tralinks, Wor ld Check One, Factiva, Prime. 
  Meticu lous and attention to details. 
  Committed to  perform good work. 

CAREER RECOGNITION 

  Spot Winner Award  in Year 2016 , 2015 , 2012  and 2011  - State  Street  Fund Services  (Singapore) 
Pte Limited. 
This award is peer-to-peer recognition of individual commitment toward work performed.  
 
  AIS Team Recognition Award in Year 2012 - S tate Street Fund Services  (Singapore) Pte Limited  
This award is to  recognize Team’s excep tional performance, collaboration and teamwork.  
 
  Helier Mourant Award Year 2008   –  Mourant Fund Services  (S ingapore) Pte Limited  
This award  is  to recognize  the best Client Service Team  for  its exceptional performance in serving 
clien ts.  

Resume of Agnes Low 

 
Page 3  of 3  

 

