 

Khoo Chong Wee 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 
Contact No.:  +65 8569 6702 
Email:  
khoochongwee@yahoo.com 
 

Nat ionality:  Malaysian (Singapore Permanent Resident) 
Immediate 
Availability: 

OBJECTIVE 

 
To  transition  into  a  finance  managerial  role  within  the  commercial  sector  by  leveraging  on  extensive 
background in f inancial report ing gained as an audit manager with Big 4 firms. 
 

SUMMARY 

 
  Audit manager with 10 years of experience and specialise in financial services, oil and gas, construction 
and manufacturing industries. 
  Experienced in SFRS, IFRS, MFRS as well as compliance and regulatory reporting for banks and Capital 
Markets Services license holders. 
  Versatile professional who is hands-on and adept at leading audit teams to meet tight deadlines. Equally 
comfortable  in a team or individual contributor role.  
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 

December 2013 to December 2016 

 
Deloitte Singapore - Audit Manager 
 
  Manage  a  portfolio  of  financial  services  clients  and  prioritise multiple  deadlines  by managing  different 
audit teams and adopting a hands-on approach as required. 
Identify  material  risks  and  key  internal  controls  relating  to  financial  statement  audits  and  design 
appropriate audit procedures to address each risk.  
  Review  financial  statements  of  the  client  to  ensure  compliance  with  relevant  accounting  standards 
(SFRS/IFRS). 
  Review the compliance of the client with regulatory requirements of the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
for banks and Capital Markets Services Licence holders. 
  Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.  
  Liaise with client senior management to communicate and resolve any significant issues identified. 
  Review the work of audit teams and coach  junior staffs on the technical aspects of the job. 
  Key clients:  
-  Banks 
: Bank of Baroda, Asean Finance Corporation and MUFJ Securities Asia 
-  Interdealer brokers  : Tullett Prebon (Singapore) and PVM Oil Associates 
-  Private equity 
: Standard Chartered IL&FS Asia Infrastructure Growth Fund Company 
: SG Trust (Asia) 
-  Trust company 

 
KPMG (Malaysia) - Audit Manager  
 
  Manage  a  portfolio  of  clients  from  various  industries  like manufacturing,  oil  and  gas,  construction  and 
property development, FMCG and software development. 
Identify  material  risks  and  key  internal  controls  relating  to  financial  statement  audits  and  design 
appropriate audit procedures to address each risk.  
  Present audit procedures and findings to the audit committee of the client listed on Bursa Malaysia. 
  Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.  

January 2013 to November 2013 

 

Khoo Chong Wee 

 
  Review  financial  statements  of  the  client  to  ensure  compliance  with  relevant  accounting  standards 
(MFRS/IFRS). 
  Liaise with client senior management to communicate and resolve any significant issues identified. 
  Review the work of audit teams and coach  junior staffs on the technical aspects of the job. 
  Key clients:  
-  Construction and property development 
-  Oil and gas 
-  Manufacturing 
-  Others 

: Loh & Loh Corporation  
: SapuraKencana Drilling Tioman   
: Genetech Technology (listed) and KLK OLEO  
 
: Crabtree & Evelyn (FMCG) and EXACT (software) 

 
KPMG (Malaysia) - Audit Assistant Manager 
 
 
In charge of audit engagements for clients within financial services, logistics and oil and gas industries. 
 
Identify significant audit issues and ensure t imely updates to engagement manager and partner. 
  Review the internal controls over significant business processes of the client. 
  Analyse the financial performance of the client and identify reasons for significant variances.  
  Key clients:  
-  Banks 
-  Oil and gas 
-  Logistics 

: Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia and Standard Chartered Saadiq 
: SapuraKencana Drilling Tioman and TH Heavy Engineering (listed) 
: CEVA Logist ics (Malaysia)  

May 2008 to December 2012 

August 2006 to April 2008 

 
Crowe Horwath (Malaysia) - Audit Associate 
 
 

In charge of the audit of companies  involved  in trading, investment holding, manufacturing and oil palm 
plantation. 

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) 
  Obtained qualificat ion in December 2007 and been a member since June 2011 
 
Bachelor  of  Science  in  Applied  Accounting  [2nd  Class  Honours  (Lower  Division)]  from  Oxford 
Brookes University 
  Obtained in July 2005 
 
Certified Accounting Technician (CAT) 
  Obtained in June 2002 
 

MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION 

 
IT Skills 
-  Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint 
-  SQL (basic) 

 
Language proficiency 
-  English (speak and write f luently)  
-  Bahasa Malaysia (speak and write fluently) 
-  Mandarin (speak only) 

