Lim Tze May  

Address  
Email   
Contact 

: Blk 2B, Upper Boon Keng Road, Kallang, Singapore 382002 
: tzemay_90@hotmail.com 
: +65 83165831 

INTRODUCTION  
I  have  over  three  years  of  external  audit  experience  and  have  spent  the  last  two  years 
specialising  in  the  Funds  and  Capital Markets  industry with  RSM  Chio  Lim  LLP,  the  largest 
audit  firm  outside  the  Big  4  in  Singapore.  In  addition  to  the  local  statutory  financial  audits,  I 
have  led  regulatory  compliance  aud its of Monetary Authority of Singapore  (MAS)  registered 
fund management companies and assisted  in SGX listed companies and REIT audit . 
 
I  started  out  my  career  with  PricewaterhouseCoopers  Penang,  Malays ia  for  a  year   in  its 
assurance department  as  an  audit   associate. During my  service with  the  firm,  I was given  the 
opportunity  to  perform  several  types  of  audits  such  as  the  local  statutory  audit,  internat iona l 
reporting  audits  (Germans,  Hong  Kong  and  etc)  and  specified   procedures  audits  (US-SOX 
and  Japan  engagement  audits).  Besides  I  have  also  been  audit ing   various  sectors  of 
companies ranging from manufacturing, trading, property development and  educat ion.  

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE  
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present) 
 
I  jo ined  the  Fund  and  Capital  Markets  team  as  an  Audit  Associate  in  Jan  2015  and  was 
promoted  to  Audit  Senior  in  October  2015.  In  October  2016,  I  was  promoted  to  my  current 
posit ion as second year Audit Senior. 
 
Audit Senior  
  Lead Auditor-In-Charge  for a SGX listed REIT with assets larger than S$1 billion. 
  Led  compliance  and  financial  team  audit  engagements  for Fund Management Companies 
regulated  by  the  MAS  –  Licensed  Fund  Management  Companies  ("LFMC")  and 
Registered Fund Management Companies ("RFMC") . 
  Led  financial  audits  for  Singapore  branch’s  administrative  office  of  China’s  State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange.  

 
Audit Associate 
  Assisted  in  the  financial  audit s  for  a  variety  of  Singapore  and  Cayman  Islands-registered 
funds,  in  market  segments  such  as  mutual  trust,  private  equity,  quoted  &  unquoted 
financial  instruments, and distressed debt.  
  Assisted  in  the audits for SGX  listed company (nature: commodit ies) and SGX  listed Real 
Estate Investment Trust (REIT). 

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE  (CONT’D)  
RSM Chio Lim LLP – Senior, Audit (2 years, October 2015 - Present) 
 
Audit Associate (cont’d) 
  Assisted  in Group’s audits. 
  Led  in  local statutory audits.  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Malaysia – Audit Associate (1 year, October 2013 – November 
2014) 
 
I  jo ined  the  firm  as Vocational Trainee  in  its  assurance department during my  second  year of 
university  for  the periods between February 2014  to  July 2013 &  June 2011  to August 2011. 
In October 2013, I took up the offer and  jo ined the firm as audit associate . 
 
Audit Associate 
  Assisted  in reputable Mult inational Companies audit (nature: manufacturing  , engineering 
and electronics,) 
  Assisted  in two listed companies audit (nature: construction)  
  Assisted  in  US-SOX  audit  engagements,  Agreed-Upon-Procedures  engagements  and 
International Reporting. 

 
Vocational Trainee, Audit   
  Assisted  audit  seniors  in  performing  vouching  for  various  sections,  assets  sight ing  and 
stock takes. 
 
QUALIFICATIONS  
Bachelor of Accounting Information System (Hons), Universiti Utara Malaysia  
2009-2013 
 
  Graduated with Second Class Upper 
  Awarded with Dean’s List twice  
 
Remarks: Current ly pursuing professional qualification – ACCA (Status: Pass: P1 
Governance, Risk and Ethics P3 Business)  
 
SKILLS 
Languages  

(Conversat ional)  

English 
(Fluent),  Mandarin 
(Conversat ional)  
Hokkien (Conversat ional)  
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel & PowerPoint  

and  Malay 

Dialect   
 
IT Proficiency  
 

